[Music]
I hear in temperature we're making this
is all about tonight observe earthly
before you commit your brush to paper
the winds may interfere that sometimes
it actually includes a sketch
[Music]
well we're here in Snowdonia this plenty
right Monsieur here so they do some
sketching up
[Music]
I'm almost working back to front here
because the mountain is not showing at
the moment I'm waiting for the light to
hit the crags the sun's gone in while
sketching try to visualize the finished
picture making sure that you record
everything you need to achieve your aims
it's a quite an atmospheric day but
certainly there's no rain we need a a
bit of rain over the crags to make it
look a little bit more interesting these
pencils are not as effective as
watercolor washes for creating large
areas but they're excellent for control
Lord Joe
when painting waterfalls it is essential
to keep the falling water simple avoid
working in too many vertical linear
marks in an attempt to depict detail we
often see far too much this is just a
quick watercolor sketch on cartridge
paper which dries very quickly I have
altered the right-hand end of the roof
of the nura building to conform to a
more normal gable end sometimes reality
can look a little strange in a painting
we live dangerously shall we
and Sebastian so we'll put it right
across
[Music]
I'm now going to do a painting of ponta
Grom looking nice and very sparse and I
also artists gesture a reign school
coming down over the distant peak so in
other words I'm bulky straightening the
atmosphere to suit my needs
[Music]
and here I want to show you how tented
paper can give you a wonderful sense of
unity and unmoved painting for me is
about recapturing those moments of
beauty in front of the scene when nature
reveals her splendor moments when the
light and atmosphere create visual
dreams whether you're painting the mural
II for the greatest mountain don't
forget those dreams
you